Subtitles by DramaFever
[Cross]
[The characters, groups, places and
situations in this drama are fictional.]
[Episode 4]
Please have a seat.
As all of you know...
Baek Gyu Sang and
Baek Gyung Seo's transplant...
fell through.
Is an inconsistent liver
transplant not possible?
It's impossible, considering
Baek Gyung Seo's current condition.
Then, are you suggesting that we wait
until she's chosen from the waiting list
when she's in such critical condition?
No, we have to find one.
How?
An donor exchange transplant.
(Paired donor exchange.)
An donor exchange transplant is
impossible with our hospital's manpower.
No, it's possible.
In order to operate
on four patients at once
we need two surgeons for the extractions
and two surgeons for the transplants.
We currently have Doctor Lee,
Doctor Hong, and myself.
And we can bring another doctor
on board to fill the last spot.
Who...
It's not...
Doctor Kang In Kyu.
Since you saved her, you should take
full responsibility, don't you think?
I'm not a doctor at Sunrim Hospital
but a medical officer
at Shingwang Prison.
That's why I'm inviting you to help us.
I'll decline.
Are you joking right now?
Do you want to see me lose my mind?
You told me to convince my son.
So I did.
But what now?
A donor exchange transplant?
If your son undergoes the transplant,
his remaining liver will be too small
to undergo the transplant
with Congressman Noh.
But the fact that you have a candidate
for a donor exchange
transplant is a miracle.
There are so many people who
wait to be selected for this program.
But you said that he's a criminal.
Did you forget who my husband is?
He's Congressman Noh Jin Tae.
A congressman in his third term.
We should be selective of which liver
to give him. How can we possibly...
How can we possibly
give him a criminal's liver?
We don't have a choice in the matter.
I still won't allow it.
Find someone else.
Congressman Noh's condition
will continue to decline.
Madam...
Fine.
I'll accept that criminal's liver.
You made the right choice.
But I can't give you my son's liver.
In donor exchange transplants
it is only valid when two families
that cannot donate to their own
come to an agreement
and donate the organs to each other.
It's not valid
if it's a one-sided donation.
I don't know. I hate complicated things,
so I don't know about you're saying.
But tell him to donate his liver
to my husband or forget the whole thing.
Then, may I take that as a refusal?
There's another candidate for the
donor exchange transplant, isn't there?
- Yes, there is.
- Then let's do it with them.
Yes, Sir.
Chief Director Son,
did you not understand what I just said?
I understood.
Then what are you doing,
instead of trying to convince the donor?
- Do I have to do that?
- Of course.
Whether you get him out of prison
or bribe him with money
you should do
whatever you can to convince him.
Why do I have to do that?
- Because...
- Madam.
I'm a businessman.
I don't bargain with just one side.
I always bargain with both sides.
The internet is going crazy
about you right now.
They're praising
the emergency measures you took
and calling you a great doctor
who found her a donor.
A lot of people are posting
compliments on the prison homepage too.
It looks like you're saving
our prison's image, Doctor Kang.
Not at all.
By the way, we received
an official letter from Sunrim Hospital.
When are you going to participate
in Baek Gyu Sang's surgery?
They requested my help,
but I declined the offer.
- You declined?
- Wait, why?
I'm a doctor at Shingwang Prison,
not Sunrim Hospital.
Hey, why do you have to draw a line
when they're asking for help?
That's right. They even
sent an official letter.
We have two of our prisoners
at their hospital right now.
How can we decline, when two
of our family members are over there?
Go help them.
The chief really wants you to.
That's right, Doctor Kang.
It'll look good for us too.
A medical officer
who takes full responsibility
for a patient he saved on the streets.
You know we're in a difficult situation
because of Kim Hyung Bum's rampage.
Help us just this once, Doctor Kang.
Geez, they're asking
for a young kid's help
because they don't even know
that you're here for revenge.
How would they react
if they knew about the real you?
Haven't you heard that saying
about the nature of human beings?
The belief that people can
change within 10 days
and can't stay the same
for 100 days is this world's logic.
They may love you now
but who knows when you'll change?
What will happen when they
find out what you're really like?
You must be really happy, Doctor Kang.
Since so many people
come looking for you.
Geez, that quack.
No, I'm not talking about you,
but that chief son of a bitch.
Please show me your hand.
I vomited all night after taking
the medicine that bastard gave me.
I felt uncomfortable,
and kept feeling pain here.
It was really weird.
Do you feel itchy,
but can't tell exactly where it itches?
Have you seen a decrease in the
volume of your urine or a darker color?
Yeah, now that I think about it,
I haven't peed it a while.
Do you sense any swelling in your body?
What?
Let me take a look.
His jaundice has worsened
and his skin is dry.
His hands are yellow.
He's starting to show symptoms
of hepatitis and acute renal failure.
Why are you staring at me like that?
You're making me self-conscious.
Oh, it's nothing.
I'm right, aren't I? That bastard
gave me the wrong medicine, didn't he?
There's no way.
Chief Baek is a skilled doctor.
Wait...
Wait, then why can't I pee,
and why did I vomit all night long?
Right after I took
the medicine that bastard gave me.
It wasn't because of
the medicine he gave you
but because of the medicine I gave you.
What?
I'm saying that your body has
became strange because of me.
- Why?
- It's a type of phenomenon.
You can look at it as a side effect
of your body's recovery process.
Ph... ph...
- Are you sure about that?
- Don't go off of it because it's hard.
You must take the medicine
consistently for it to have an effect.
Okay.
I might not trust that son of a bitch,
but I listen to you pretty well.
But you don't know why
that bastard's here, do you?
He's not here for work,
but because of his son.
4817, that fat bastard.
I'm sure you're mistaken.
How am I mistaken?
I can tell, just by looking at them.
You guessed wrong.
Fine. Look at you
defending your superior.
Okay. Okay.
By the way, why are you here?
Do you have a reason?
- I came here to make money.
- Money?
Yes.
A man who wants
to make money came to a prison?
Did you lose your mind, by any chance?
I have much more free time here,
compared to other places.
I can work part-time
jobs in my free time too.
Part-time jobs?
People who were stabbed or shot.
There are a lot of people
who can't go to hospitals.
I can make a lot of money from that.
What the heck? That's illegal too.
I didn't think you were like that.
There's one thing I realized after
seeing countless patients in hospitals.
I can't become rich
by making money in a fair way.
Whether it's legal or illegal,
all I care about is making money.
Do you want me to introduce
you to a part-time job?
If you do it just once, you can make
enough money to last you a lifetime.
Taking your medicine is important,
but what you eat is also important.
I'll write down the foods that are
bad for you, so please avoid them.
[Foods to avoid: fried food, red meat,
instant food, artificial flavors.]
I'll make sure to keep that in mind.
It's tiring to do two
examinations, isn't it?
Why would it be hard?
This is for my daughter, after all.
I wondered if I could
finally do my part as a father
but that didn't work out,
so I have to inconvenience someone else.
But this is all for your daughter.
I still want to give her mine.
I did nothing but
give her trouble all my life.
Gyung Seo must be happy.
Since she has
a warm-hearted father like you.
Don't you have a father?
I do. I do, but...
it doesn't feel like I do.
Fathers are usually like that.
But they still care
and think about their children.
It's just that they don't know
how to express it properly.
Do you think so?
- By the way...
- Yes?
Can Doctor Kang...
operate on my daughter?
I heard that he's going
to participate in this surgery.
The rumors sure spread quickly.
How did you find that out
when you were in here the whole time?
I have the prison guard here.
I'll try asking him for you.
Thank you.
He's the only doctor I know.
He's like a son.
Are you really going to be like this?
You said that it's not even
Dad that I'd be giving it to.
Why do I have to donate
my liver to a complete stranger?
That's the only way
they'll donate theirs to your dad.
Everyone dies eventually.
You'll die, and I'll die too.
Do you have to go this far?
If we can save him,
we should do everything we can.
He's your father.
Geez, seriously!
Do you hate it that much?
This isn't about
anyone else, but your father.
Should I like this situation then?
Fine, go.
Go before I change my mind.
Go on.
But...
the moment you leave
this room, our relationship is over.
I'll take you right out
of the family registry.
You know that both your house
and car are under my name, right?
- Mom.
- Don't call me that.
Inheritance?
In your dreams, you punk.
Yes?
The two donors just went down
for their examinations.
We'll have both test
results by tomorrow then.
- It'll probably be out by morning.
- What about the operating room?
The operating room
will be vacant after 7:30 p.m.
Then, monitor the donors
and recipients starting today
so that we can operate
as soon as the results come out.
Okay.
Has In Kyu replied yet?
I contacted him because Baek Gyung Seo's
guardian wants him as his doctor
but he hasn't responded yet.
Okay, try calling him one more time.
Okay.
[Lee Gil Sang - Yeon Jang]
[Kim Hyung Bum - Present during murder?]
Dad!
Why did you do that
to a perfectly healthy person?
- Why do you think?
- What?
It was obviously about money.
Um, Doctor. Sunrim Hospital called again
to ask why you hadn't responded yet.
- Please send an official document.
- Saying what?
That I can't participate.
- What about Yeon Jang?
- Geez.
I'm trying my best,
but it's not going so well.
[Kang In Kyu]
- Isn't it too soon?
- He said that he'd do it.
That he needs money.
But still...
This guy is a real doctor.
It turned out for the best.
People who have a lot
to lose have more fear.
If we break him down
and bring him over to our side
we'll be able to
control him however we want.
Whether we scare him or threaten him.
So... start him off with a small job.
Don't give him a VIP,
but just an easy task.
- What about the materials?
- We have enough, of course.
Here you go again.
If he does a good job
with the easy task, give him a VIP.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
[7 Missed Calls]
Hello?
I heard that you can't participate
in the donor exchange transplant.
I'm sure I made that clear the other day.
Baek Gyu Sang said that he wants
you to operate on his daughter.
That you're like his son.
He decided to donate his liver
with just his trust in you.
Are you still going to refuse?
- When's the date?
- Tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. Don't be late.
Send another official letter.
[Caller ID Restricted]
- Hello?
- Is this Kang In Kyu?
Yes, that's me.
Kim Hyung Bum told me to call you.
I've actually been waiting for your call.
Do you know what you're about to do?
I didn't hear the details.
In any case, it's nice to meet you.
I'll contact you through
this phone from now on.
Only use it to speak with me,
and always carry it with you.
That is what you
will be doing. The extraction.
And those are the
physical exam results.
All you have to do is extract
her kidney, so it won't be too hard.
Who's going to do the transplant?
Why? Do you want to do that too?
The transplant is
more important than the extraction.
The patient's life
depends on the transplant.
That's not our business.
I'm sure that the client will
take care of it, no matter what it takes.
Client?
Don't you know supply and demand?
We're supplying it
because it's in demand.
Geez, this guy is so frustrating.
When's the date?
You're in luck.
It's earlier than we expected.
Tomorrow evening at 6 p.m.
Baek Gyu Sang said that he wants
you to operate on his daughter.
It's tomorrow,
at 7:30 p.m. Don't be late.
Can we postpone it?
Forget it then.
What's the location?
I'll text it to you, to that phone.
Hurry!
It's yours!
Which son of a...
Come here.
- Give me the ball.
- No.
- They're waiting.
- Hey, 4817.
Sit down.
Sit down!
- What's your name?
- Ba... Baek Sung Ho.
Baek Sung Ho? What are you in for?
I... was charged with reckless driving.
- Were you drunk?
- Yes, I didn't have a license either.
Your friends pressured
you into it, didn't they?
Yes! How did you know?
It's pretty obvious.
But why do you always
go to the infirmary?
Oh, I have diabetes and
high blood pressure, due to my obesity.
Wow, you're pretty impressive.
Seeing how you can maintain
this body on a barley rice diet.
- Shall I give you something nice?
- Pardon?
Wow.
Look at it when
you're alone in the bathroom.
Okay.
Thank you.
Patient Noh Jin Tae, Baek Gyu Sang,
Patient Baek Gyung Seo, and Noh In Sung
were confirmed to be matches
in the second examination.
- What about the patients' conditions?
- They're well enough to undergo surgery.
Did we receive
an official letter from the prison?
After holding out like that,
he finally sent it last night.
It looks like we're all set to operate.
I'm reporting a location
where organ trade takes place.
An extraction is planned to take
place at around 6 p.m. on Friday.
I'm attaching the address
so that you may track it.
[The email has been sent.]
I'm out front. Come down.
What's that?
It's surgical equipment.
Just in case I need it.
[Current Time - 6:00 p.m.]
You're here?
- You gained weight.
- It's winter, after all.
- Let's go upstairs.
- Is this where you operate?
You'll know once we get there.
What about the equipment?
Let's go upstairs first.
Please go inside.
[VIU Ver] tvN E04 Cross
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Change into this.
This is brand new.
Why?
Put your bag down.
You shouldn't operate
in a place like this.
Geez, you sure have a lot to say.
I told you to get changed, man.
What are you doing? Let go of me!
Let go of me! Let go!
Why? What is it?
Keep freaking out. I won't stop you.
This is all because of you.
Because of you, Mom died...
Mom died because of you...
and Dad always went out
to make money for your hospital fees...
Dad too...
- This is all because of you.
- In Kyu.
- In Sung!
- Mom!
Hang in there, okay?
Once you get out of surgery
I'll give you everything
you want, I promise.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Please wait out here.
Here we go.
Would you look at that?
- Twat.
- Yes?
What do you think this is?
Isn't that a location tracker?
Bingo.
[Baek Gyung Seo's Surgery]
Where's... my daughter?
She's over there
in the next operating room.
[Surgery In Session]
Good luck in surgery, Grandpa.
Can I see her face before the surgery?
I'm just worried that I might
not be able to see her again.
The surgery will go well, so don't worry.
You'll be able to see her once it's over.
I'll give you the anesthesia now.
Okay, please count from 1 to 10.
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Because of you, Mom died...
And Dad always went out to work...
because of your hospital fees!
I'd prefer it...
if you di...
Geez, are you finally awake?
Yes.
Where are we?
Ta-da.
Our outdoor operating room.
I'm sorry about earlier.
But I didn't have a choice.
You came here with a motive too.
Why did you bring a location tracker?
Just in case you people
try to dissect me too.
Wait, why would we do such a thing?
After all we did to get you here.
Then...
we're on the same team now, okay?
Where's the patient?
We don't call them that.
We call them logs.
Why don't you check the equipment first?
I'd prefer it...
if you died.
Why aren't you starting?
But why are you recording it?
We have to send footage
to the transplant team
and show them how it's done.
Plus...
it will prove that
we're on the same team now.
[Pain Relief Spray]
Okay...
Okay, shall we begin?
The person you called
cannot be reached, please...
He's not answering his phone.
Shouldn't we ask another doctor
to perform the surgery?
Hold on. We still have time.
[Calling... Son]
Scalpel.
This son of a bitch!
What the heck?
Are you okay, Sir?
Wh... where did that bastard go?
He ran away.
You should have caught him,
you son of a bitch!
In Joo.
In Joo!
In Joo! In Joo!
Are you okay? Are you okay?
In Joo!
Are you okay?
In Kyu.
Let's go.
Don't worry.
I won't leave you alone ever again.
I'll protect you no matter what.
They'll do a good job.
Okay.
This won't do.
We have to call another doctor.
If we don't, we'll have
to cancel the surgery.
- I'll call someone.
- Hold on.
It's already past
the scheduled surgery time.
What the heck was that?
Are you out to kill people?
I'm sorry, but this child is sick.
That's no excuse!
I'm really sorry, but can you
give us a ride to Sunrim Hospital?
- Are you a doctor?
- Yes.
- Geez, seriously.
- I'm begging you!
Get in!
- I'm doing this for the kid.
- Thank you.
You're pretty badly hurt too.
What time is it?
8:50 p.m.
May I make a phone call?
Doctor Choi, are you able
to come to our hospital right now?
It's a transplant,
but it's pretty urgent.
What time does your surgery end?
Yeah. No, never mind.
I'm sorry. I'll call you
back later, okay?
[Incoming Call]
- Hello?
- It's me.
Where are you?
I'll be there in 10 minutes.
- Okay, get over here.
- Is he on his way?
I really don't like this guy.
Extraction Team, start the surgery.
Transplant Team, stand by.
Yes, Sir.
Thank you.
What's wrong? Is it serious?
Please hurry.
[Current Time - 9:00 p.m.,
Anesthesia Time: 1:48 hours]
What are you doing?
You were supposed to start a long
time ago! Why isn't anyone coming in?
The thing is, one of the
doctors is running late.
Who's that?
Oh, I apologize. It's the ER.
Hey, I'll be right down.
I think you need to manage
your staff better.
Yes, I apologize.
Who is it this time?
I apologize. It's the ER.
Oh, get going then.
What's going on here?
A woman in her 50s with a scar on her
left side, she had her first attack.
She complained of a
tightening pain 15 minutes ago
so we gave her vasodilators,
she had ST elevation when she got here.
Her pulse is 120,
and her blood pressure is 128.
- Any other illnesses?
- Diabetes and hyperlipidemia.
- Did you call the internal heart doctor?
- He's on his way down.
Please keep her oxygen level at 1 liter
and check her vitals every hour.
Okay.
Oh, Doctor Kang!
Over here...
Gosh, that jerk.
This is an emergency!
How could you come here
when you're late for the surgery?
What happened?
I see symptoms of hypothermia and hypoxia
and a possibility of drug addiction.
What kind of drug?
I don't know the exact drug,
but it's probably an anesthetic.
I saw her collapsed on the streets,
so I brought her here.
Let's move her over there for now.
Hey, you son of a bitch!
Pack his clothes, damn it!
Yes, Sir.
Sir, I found this phone on the ground.
[Congressman Noh Jin Tae's Surgery Room]
Scalpel.
[Baek Gyu Sang's Surgery Room]
Lift it a little higher.
[Noh In Sung's Surgery Room]
We need to supply her with blood
and detoxify her body.
- Call gastroenterology first.
- Yes, I got it.
Leave the child here
and hurry up to Center E.
Has the surgery started?
They already started the extraction.
I think she's going into arrest!
Doctor Nam, please bring
me the crash cart!
- Please bring me the defibrillator.
- Sure!
One, two, three, four, five, six...
One, two, three, four, five
six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
80 Joules.
One, two, three, four, five
six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
One, two, three...
80 Joules. Charged.
80 Joules.
One, two, three! Clear!
Shoot!
- One, two, three...
- 160 Joules.
160 Joules. Charged.
160 Joules.
One, two, three! Clear!
Shoot!
One, two, three, four, five
six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
One, two, three, four...
Damn it! Why isn't the doctor here?
We put him under hours ago!
Yes, this is Surgery Room E.
[Baek Gyung Seo's Surgery Room]
Noh In Sung's extraction is
almost done. What do we do?
Geez, seriously!
Hey, Doctor Ha, perform the laparotomy.
Yes, Sir.
Mosquito.
Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
One, two, three, four, five
six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
Get the defibrillator ready!
Stop it and go upstairs!
If something happens to Patient Baek
Gyung Seo, will you take responsibility?
200 Joules.
200 Joules! One more time! Hurry!
One, two, three, four, five
six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
One, two, three...
Let's try 200 Joules.
six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
One, two, three, four...
200 Joules.
six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
200 Joules. Charged.
200 Joules.
One, two, three! Clear!
Shoot!
[Cross]
Then report them to the police first.
Kang In Kyu didn't go to
the prison for no reason.
He's in great danger.
Don't get involved anymore,
and stop doing this.
Don't you think the center
chief has been weird lately?
I need you to come with me
to the police station.
Let's make a deal.
So get out of there,
and start over under my guidance.
If I was scared of that,
I wouldn't have gotten this far.
Prison Guard!
- Are you confident?
- Of course.
Subtitles by DramaFever